.if n .ds Q \&"
.if t .ds Q ``
.if n .ds U \&"
.if t .ds U ''
.TH "FoxEye" 1 "" "" "FoxEye manual" 
.tr \&
.nr bi 0
.nr ll 0
.nr el 0
.de DS
..
.de DE
..
.de Pp
.ie \\n(ll>0 \{\
.ie \\n(bi=1 \{\
.nr bi 0
.if \\n(t\\n(ll=0 \{.IP \\(bu\}
.if \\n(t\\n(ll=1 \{.IP \\n+(e\\n(el.\}
.\}
.el .sp 
.\}
.el \{\
.ie \\nh=1 \{\
.LP
.nr h 0
.\}
.el .PP 
.\}
..
.SH NAME
.PD 0
FoxEye - the universal network client.

.SH SYNOPSIS
.PD 1

.Pp
.nr bi 1
.Pp
\fBfoxeye\fP
[-n \fInick\fP] [-cdmt] \fIfile\fP
.nr bi 1
.Pp
\fBfoxeye\fP -cr [-n \fInick\fP] [-dm] [-g \fIfile\fP]
.nr bi 1
.Pp
\fBfoxeye\fP -[h|v]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PD 0
FoxEye was created first as a IRC (Internet Relay Chat) network bot - the
network daemon which controls functionality and protection of IRC channels.
It enters to IRC network as user, joins the channel and tries don't leave
it until crash or terminate.  But now it is multipurpose modularised client
for networks: IRC, ICQ, etc.

.SH OPTIONS
.PD 1
Runs the bot with config file \fIfile\fP until \fB-r\fP option present.
.TP 10
\fB-c\fP
Don't detach console (chat simulation mode).
.TP
\fB-d\fP
Increase a debug log level by one (maximum debug level is 5).
.TP
\fB-g\fP \fIfile\fP
Generate new config file \fIfile\fP
.TP
\fB-h\fP
Display help message and exit.
.TP
\fB-m\fP
Make an empty listfile.
.TP
\fB-n\fP \fInick\fP
Set default nick to \fInick\fP
.TP
\fB-r\fP
Reset parameters (don't use the config file statements).
.TP
\fB-t\fP
Test the configuration and exit.
.TP
\fB-v\fP
Display version information and exit.
.PD 0

.SH FILES

.SH NO WARRANTIES
This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.

.SH SEE ALSO
.PD 1

.Pp
.nr bi 1
.Pp
\fBircd\fP(8)
.nr bi 1
.Pp
RFC2810, RFC2811, RFC2812, RFC2813.
.nr bi 1
.Pp
The GNU General Public License.
.SH AUTHORS
.PD 0
Andriy Gritsenko.

.SH BUGS

